Distribution plan - Foodie
        Once we have successfully created a fully working application on a virtual machine, we 
        will then convert our application to run on a container. We have chosen Docker as our 
        platform that will containerize our application. It is the most used containerization platform 
        available and is much simpler to use than some other platforms. Some other platforms are more geared 
        towards deploying large applications but because we are still in the early stages we do not need that 
        added complexity, and if we did Docker has the capability to deploy any size apps.  Additionally, Docker
        is not only good for deploying our application but can also be useful during development. Its IDE is well
        known for being quick with both building and deployment, making the development process simple. We ideally 
        will have our application fully working when deploying it to Docker, but there are many additional features 
        we can add to our app that would improve its performance and make sure it is user friendly in all aspects. 
        We have also had some problems with our program working differently in different running environments and 
        Docker would prevent this, allowing us to focus our energy on growing our application rather than honing 
        in on bugs that are not universal.
        To deploy our application using Docker, we would first need to create a Dockerfile that would include all 
        the code, libraries, etc. that are needed for the application. Running the file would create an image that 
        would be able to run our application. If we need to make any changes from our initial image, we would add 
        layers on top of it containing the changes. 
        Lastly, to deploy this on the cloud, we would need to use a cloud service.  The chosen cloud service would 
        likely be AWS as it is beginner friendly and offers lessons that can demonstrate how to deploy our Dockerfile 
        to the internet. It is also one of the most consistent cloud services out there, being used by the government 
        for various secure services due to this consistency.